README.md, before:

# Docker ELK stack

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/deviantony/fig-elk](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/deviantony/fig-elk?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Run the ELK (Elasticseach, Logstash, Kibana) stack with Docker and Docker-compose.

It will give you the ability to quickly test your logstash filters and check how the data can be processed in Kibana.

Based on the official images:

* [elasticsearch](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/elasticsearch/)
* [logstash](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/logstash/)
* [kibana](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/kibana/)

# HOW TO

## Setup

1. Install [Docker](http://docker.io).
2. Install [Docker-compose](http://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).
3. Clone this repository

### SELinux

On distributions which have SELinux enabled out-of-the-box you will need to either re-context the files or set SELinux into Permissive mode in order for fig-elk to start properly.
For example on Redhat and CentOS, the following will apply the proper context:

```
.-root@centos ~
`-$ chcon -R system_u:object_r:admin_home_t:s0 fig-elk/
```

## Usage

### Start the stack and inject logs

First step, you can edit the logstash-configuration in *logstash-conf/logstash.conf*. You can add filters you want to test for example.

Then, start the ELK stack using *docker-compose*:

```
$ docker-compose up
```

You can also choose to run it in background (detached mode):

```
$ docker-compose up -d
```

Now that the stack is running, you'll want to inject logs in it. The shipped logstash configuration allows you to send content via tcp:

```
$ nc localhost 5000 < /path/to/logfile.log
```


### Playing with the stack

The stack exposes 4 ports on your localhost:

* 5000: Logstash TCP input.
* 9200: Elasticsearch HTTP (with Marvel plugin accessible via [http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel](http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel))
* 5601: Kibana 4 web interface, access it via [http://localhost:5601](http://localhost:5601)


### Boot2docker

If you're using *boot2docker*, you must access it via the *boot2docker* IP address:
* http://boot2docker-ip-address:9200/_plugin/marvel to access the Marvel plugin.
* http://boot2docker-ip-address:5601 to use Kibana 4.

Commit message:

Added shield support for Elasticsearch (+Marvel), Logstash and Kibana.

README.md, after:

# Docker ELK stack

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/deviantony/fig-elk](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/deviantony/fig-elk?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Run the ELK (Elasticseach, Logstash, Kibana) stack with Docker and Docker-compose. It has Marvel and Shield support.

It will give you the ability to quickly test your logstash filters and check how the data can be processed in Kibana.

Based on the official images:

* [elasticsearch](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/elasticsearch/)
* [logstash](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/logstash/)
* [kibana](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/kibana/)

# HOW TO

## Setup

1. Install [Docker](http://docker.io).
2. Install [Docker-compose](http://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).
3. Clone this repository

### SELinux

On distributions which have SELinux enabled out-of-the-box you will need to either re-context the files or set SELinux into Permissive mode in order for fig-elk to start properly.
For example on Redhat and CentOS, the following will apply the proper context:

```
.-root@centos ~
`-$ chcon -R system_u:object_r:admin_home_t:s0 fig-elk/
```

## Usage

### Start the stack and inject logs

First step, you can edit the logstash-configuration in *logstash-conf/logstash.conf*. You can add filters you want to test for example.

Then, start the ELK stack using *docker-compose*:

```
$ docker-compose up
```

You can also choose to run it in background (detached mode):

```
$ docker-compose up -d
```

Now that the stack is running, you'll want to inject logs in it. The shipped logstash configuration allows you to send content via tcp:

```
$ nc localhost 5000 < /path/to/logfile.log
```

### Playing with the stack

The stack exposes 4 ports on your localhost:

* 5000: Logstash TCP input.
* 9200: Elasticsearch HTTP (with Marvel plugin accessible via [http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel](http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel))

> Shield is enabled. Use the following credentials to access Marvel: marvel_admin / marvel

* 5601: Kibana 4 web interface, access it via [http://localhost:5601](http://localhost:5601)

> Shield is enabled. Use the following credentials to access Kibana: kibana_admin / kibana

### Boot2docker

If you're using *boot2docker*, you must access it via the *boot2docker* IP address:
* http://boot2docker-ip-address:9200/_plugin/marvel to access the Marvel plugin.
* http://boot2docker-ip-address:5601 to use Kibana 4.
